meta: Add CHANGELOG entry for 8.0.0 (#11948)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: CHANGELOG.md

and all of our node-based server-side sdks (`@sentry/nextjs`, `@sentry/remix`, etc.). Furthermore, version 8 now ships
with full support for ESM-based node apps using **Node.js 18.19.0 or higher**.

**Browser SDKs:** The browser SDKs now require
[**ES2018+**](https://caniuse.com/?feats=mdn-javascript_builtins_regexp_dotall,js-regexp-lookbehind,mdn-javascript_builtins_regexp_named_capture_groups,mdn-javascript_builtins_regexp_property_escapes,mdn-javascript_builtins_symbol_asynciterator,mdn-javascript_functions_method_definitions_async_generator_methods,mdn-javascript_grammar_template_literals_template_literal_revision,mdn-javascript_operators_destructuring_rest_in_objects,mdn-javascript_operators_destructuring_rest_in_arrays,promise-finally)
compatible browsers. New minimum browser versions:

- Chrome 63
- Edge 79
- Safari/iOS Safari 12
- Firefox 58
- Opera 50
- Samsung Internet 8.2

For more details, please see the
[version support section in our migration guide](./MIGRATION.md#1-version-support-changes).

### Initializing Server-side SDKs (Node, Bun, Deno, Serverless):

> Initializing the SDKs on the server-side has been simplified a lot. However, the SDK now needs to be imported and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v8, we support many more node-based packages than before. In order to ensure auto-instrumentation works, the SDK now needs to be imported and
```

I would maybe rephrase this, because "simplified" is relative (less init config, but more particular about where/how to init).

initialized before any other import in your code. We recommend creating a new file to initialize the SDK and specifying
it via the `--require` (CJS) or `--import` (ESM) Node CLI argument. See more details in our migration docs about
[initializing the SDK in v8](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/node/migration/v7-to-v8/#updated-sdk-initialization).

### Performance Monitoring Changes

> The API around performance monitoring and tracing has been vastly improved, and we've added support for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API around performance monitoring and tracing has been streamlined, and we've added support for more
```

sounds a bit less hyperbolic, maybe? 😅
